add fyi about mismatched config values (#116)
expo/fyi: eas-config-mismatch.md

> # Evaluating app config on EAS Build workers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Evaluating app config on EAS Build workers
```

> Part of the build process on EAS Build is evaluation of the content of **app.json/app.config.js** file. In some cases, if the project is misconfigured, resulting config object might have an incorrect value e.g. build might happen on the project A, but `extra.projectId` might refer to the project B.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Part of the build process on EAS Build is evaluation of the content of **app.json/app.config.js** file. In some cases, if the project is misconfigured, the resulting config object may contain incorrect values e.g. the build is running under project A, but `extra.projectId` refers to project B.
```

### Building from EAS CLI

> When building from EAS CLI we are using both environment variables from your local environment and values from **eas.json**, but on the EAS Build worker only values from **eas.json** (and EAS Secrets) will be present. It's common to use dynamic app config (**app.config.js/app.config.ts**) to switch between different configuration based on environment variables. When building on EAS, users need to make sure that environment on the EAS Build will match what was set locally.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When building from EAS CLI we are using both environment variables from your local environment and values from **eas.json**, but on the EAS Build worker only values from **eas.json** and EAS Secrets will be present. It's common to use dynamic app config (**app.config.js/app.config.ts**) to switch between different configuration based on environment variables. When building on EAS, users need to make sure that environment on the EAS Build will match what was set locally.
```

If you have **app.config.js**:

```js
let projectId;
if (process.env.APP === 'app1') {

>     projectId = '23847707-bf15-424c-b1dc-7a57fc34a23d';

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  projectId = '23847707-bf15-424c-b1dc-7a57fc34a23d';
```

} else if (process.env.APP === 'app2') {

>     projectId = 'db096609-2c67-431d-b83d-88cabf8511b1';

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  projectId = 'db096609-2c67-431d-b83d-88cabf8511b1';
```

}
export default {
  name: 'testapp',
  slug: process.env.APP
  extra: {
    projectId,
  }
}
```

It's not correct to run `APP=app1 eas build --profile production` where **eas.json** is:

```json
{

>     "build": {

Reviewer: let's use 2 spaces here for indentation for consistency

        "production": {}
    }
}
```

Instead you should run `eas build --profile production-app1` where **eas.json** is:

```json
{
    "build": {
        "production-app1": {
            "env": {
                "APP": "app1"
            }
        },
        "production-app2": {
            "env": {
                "APP": "app2"
            }
        }
    }
}
```

> > NOTE: Above advice only applies to the build command and other commands that accept the build profile as a parameter, for other commands you will still need to pass environment variable in the cli e.g. `APP=app1 eas update`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> NOTE: The above advice only applies to the build command and other commands that accept the build profile as a parameter — for other commands that run entirely locally, you will still need to pass environment variable in the cli e.g. `APP=app1 eas update`.
```

### Building from GitHub (manual builds triggered from expo.dev website)

> When running builds from GitHub there is no local environment that might cause inconstancies, but it's still possible that you might connect a repository to the wrong EAS project or misconfigure connection to multiple projects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When running builds from GitHub there is no local environment that might cause inconsistencies, but it's still possible that you might connect a repository to the wrong EAS project or misconfigure a connection to multiple projects.
```

> If you are connecting single GitHub repository to multiple EAS projects you need to make sure that projectId/slug/owner is matching the correct value for a project that build is executed on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are connecting single GitHub repository to multiple EAS projects you need to make sure that the `projectId`/`slug`/`owner` all match the correct value for a project that build is executed on.
```
